Understanding of different categories of NFR's:
Product to product, NFR's will vary. Ex: we have banking application and e-commerce application. Response time requirements may vary here from one app to other app type.

Educate customer about perf testing and come up with the NFR's. - speed,scalable and reliable
NFR's should be validated with Solution Architect.
Questions needs to be asked to customer:

General Categories of NFR's:

Security:
Does your product store or transmit sensitive information?
Does your IT department require adherence to specific standards?
What security best practices are used in your industry?

Capacity(deals with performance testing):
What are your system's storage requirements, today and in the future?
- today may be 1000 users but in future there may be 5000 userss. hence storage requirement is imp.
How will your system scale up for increasing volume demands?
- if increase in demand, will system scale up? what is the strategy to scale?

Compatibility(partially in performance testing):
What are the minimum hardware requirements?
What operating systems and their versions must be supported?
What browers does the application is compatible?

Reliability and Availability(99.99%)(deals with perf testing): 
comes under site reliability testing.For disaster recovery. KPI's: RTO & RPO
- App should run for longer period of time.
What is the critical failure time under normal usage? - what if app fails and app goes down. How much time does it takes to recover?=> How much down time is permissible?
Does a user need access for all hours of the day?

Maintainablility + Manageability:
How much time does it takes to fix the components and how easily can an administrator manage the system?
Also we can define Recoverability and serviceability.

Scalability(Comes under performance testing):
What are the highest workloads under which the system will perform as expected?(Black Friday test/big billion day)
- Are my servers scale up to the additional volumetric?!

Usability:(As an End-User)
How easy to use this product? What defines the experience of using the product?
- How the user experience?(good/bad/excellent - define some criteria)

Performance:
How quickly the system can respond to user's activity? - RT of Application should be < 5sec
How long does a user wait for a specific operation to happen? - Some Applications will have batch jobs. How long have to wait for that operation to complete.

Regulatory:
Are there requirements you need to satisfy for compliance?(whether the application is meeting the rules set by the govt.)

Environmental(Deals with perf testing to understand Application Architecture):
What are the different types ofenvironments will the system be expected to perform within?
- Where the application is hosted?! - AWS/On-premise

Examples of NFR's:(we should have to determine which are related to performance. Mark Inscope which are related to performance. Mark out of scope which are not related to performance and Justify why)
1. Each page must load within 2sec. - NFR related to performance
2. The process must finish within 3hours so data is available at 8:00AM after an overnight update. - NFR related to performance
3. The system must meet Web Content Accessibility Guidelines WCAG2.1 - NFR related to Accessibility(More access to disabled person like color blind)
4. DB security must meet HIPAA Requirements - NFR related to Regulatory.
5. Users shall be prompted to provide an electronic signature before loading a new page - NFR related to Security
6. The app should work on chrome 8.1 and highr only - NFR related to compatibility

Functional Requirement: 
When I fill some form and when I save the form. Whether the save option is able to save the data or not. comes under functional.
Non-Functional Requirement:
How the save option is behaving? whether getting a faster response/ whether save needs any security etc..